---
title: 'Player Handout A: Tolea Biqua'
---

Tolea Biqua is one of the floating cities over the gas giant planet of Genarius. Originally built at the order of Riboga the Hutt, it caters to the many public vices desired by beings of the Cularin system. Anything one could wish to experience can pretty much be found somewhere on Tolea Biqua.

The city's "main industry" is gambling. A number of gambling establishments are located on Tolea Biqua and run at all hours of the day. The most prevalent business on Tolea Biqua is bars. There are more bars on this city than all other business combined.

Tolea Biqua also has its fair share of illicit trade. Smugglers and other shady types easily ply their trade on the floating city.
There is no organized law enforcement presence on Tolea Biqua other than the blaster on your hip. Individuals and businesses are responsible for their own security.

Some reasons you may be on Tolea Biqua:

- Republic soldiers may be on leave and spending some well-deserved time (and credits) on the many vices the city has to offer.
- Padawan Jedi may also be on leave. Or they may be on an assignment by their Masters to see the myriad of beings and conditions the galaxy has to offer. (The Masters will suggest any Padawans traveling to Tolea Biqua do so together, whether or not they know each other. Some beings may decide a lone Padawan is a good target to take their frustration out on.)
- Scouts and soldiers-for-hire could be looking for their next job.
- Scoundrels and fringers are waiting for their next big score.
- Nobles are enthralled with the gambling.

Whatever your hero's reason is for being on Tolea Biqua, they are. It is up to each player to decide exactly why their hero is on Tolea Biqua.
