---
title: 'GM Aid #1: Genarius and Tolea Biqua'
---

## GENARIUS:

The immense gas giant that lies just inside the asteroid belt of the Cularin System. It has four satellites (Ostfrei, Uffel, Ulbasca and Eskaron), which is where the early colonization centered. With the construction of floating cities in its atmosphere, the colonization of Genarius itself began. Over five million beings live among the orange and blue-hued clouds of Genarius, covering all gambits of society.

The core of the giant is in a constant state of low-grade fusion. This gives off heat, which leads to the constant glow that lights the clouds at all times. Also, an enormous amount of energy is produced, which is harvested by daredevil miners.
This reaction also causes terrible radiation storms. The winds swirl the clouds into deep spirals that reach deep into the lower atmosphere. Nub Saar was the first floating city built over Genarius. Constructed in the middle layer of Genariusí atmosphere, it was completely decimated by a storm. All life was lost.

The newer cities all learned from Nub Saarís destruction. They were better constructed. Shields to protect the inhabitants and cities from the radiation were built into the cities. The cities were better designed, more solid. The exposed buildings were constructed so that they supported each other, and all were firmly anchored to the city-floor.

Currently, the prominent floating cities of Genarius are Edic Bar (built and owned by the SoroSuub Corporation), Friz Harammel (built and owned by Daedalus Gas Mines), Ipsus (built and owned by Naescorcom, a manufacturing consortium in the Outer Rim), Tolea Biqua (built by Riboga the Hutt, famous for gambling. It also serves most any other known vice), and Varna Biqua (sister city to Tolea Biqua. Harder to find and much grittier.).

## TOLEA BIQUA:

The floating city of Tolea Biqua was constructed at the orders of Riboga the Hutt. From a distance, the city appears to be quite beautiful. A myriad of colors set against the beautiful clouds of Genarius. Up close, it changes drastically. Riboga had no particular design in mind in the construction of Tolea Biqua. Thus, everything is laid out in a very haphazard way. The buildings vary in size and shape and are built next to each other at irregular intervals. Also, they are painted in clashing, glowing colors. The only commonality these structures share is the edge of all rooftops is lined with red, green and purple neon tubes.

Almost any public vice can be found on Tolea Biqua: gambling, drinking, womanizing, or doing anything else to excess. However, its most profitable industry is gambling. Gambling establishments are everywhere and run at all hours. The most profitable is ìRibogaís Barge.î Owned by a pair of Trandoshans, it is located in Ribogaís former floating barge. The pair bought it when Riboga left and converted it into a gambling hall. It is divided into two areas: a public section (accessible to anyone able to pay the 50 credit cover fee) and a memberís-only section. The gambling here is high stakes and in a luxurious environment usually only experienced by a Hutt.

A large number of bars are located on Tolea Biqua. In fact, there are more bars than all other business combined. These drinking holes run from seedy dives to refined locales serving the best the galaxy has to offer. Unfortunately, no geographic delineation exists on Tolea Biqua. Until one enters an establishment, they usually have no idea of what category it may be.
